So, this is something so great, you know.
In a place like Coimbatore,
where people are so materialistic,
that no, God’s temple is God’s temple.
You cannot steal things from there because
it will have punishment, which is true also.
But, but to believe in it,
and to think that way is in great.
This is the beauty of, of an Indian.
It is so innocent and simple,
and as I have told you the Britishers ruled us.
And now these horrible so-called politicians
are going to rule us and have been ruling us.
The whole system is so wretched.
I don’t know how we are going to change it.
Unless and until, we jump
into politics, there is no way.
I cannot see any silver lining because
they have no sense of humanity,
no sense of humanity.
No sensitivity left to them.
Like I would say as in the West I find
because they listen to this pop music
their limbic area has become so dull that
they cannot like any music which is soft.
In the same way, in India, these politicians
have become so dumb founded,
that they are not at all sensitive
to humanity or to human sufferings.
On the contrary, they will use it
to their own purpose.
So this is a very big problem
of this country, the poverty part.
But Sahaja Yoga can solve
the problem very well and slowly.
But I think it is inevitable
that we have to think
of joining this wretched politics,
so called, to put it right.
As we have improved the people
who have been so much negative,
I am sure this will also help us.
In this country and all over. Everywhere this is the case.
Not only in India, is a different style,
but everywhere this is the case,
is that they all take you for a ride.
Now today, I am telling you this because
Ramadasa was the Guru of Shivaji.
And he was the man who was very detached.
He was Hanumana himself.
And once he came to Shivaji’s place and
Shivaji was so fed up with this people
and this whole administration,
and the way the things were.
He had made a chit saying that,
“O, my Guru, I give You all my property,
all my lands, all my kingdom,
everything at Your feet and
You better look after it.”
And he put that chit in that we have
the choli, the cloth sort of a thing.
So He stood in the door
and read it and he said,
“What? You have given me everything?” He said,
“I am a sanyasi and I don’t know administration.
But you can do everything the same way as
you have been doing. But be detached about it.
And to show that you are detached you must
use a waist under dhoti stuff we call it,
in a triangular manner, it is made.
See that thing, with the saffron colour showing
that you are detached and you are a sanyasi.”
That’s how this flag came into being.
So the entry of this politics
has been in this country.
Entry into politics by sakshatkari people
or by incarnation has been there.
Most of the incarnations have been kings.
Like we have got Buddha who was a king;
Mahaveera was a prince. Both were prince.
Then we have got Rama who was a king.
Then we have got Shri Krishna became a king.
So the aishwarya, the
kingness has to be there.
Has to be a royal family, has to be.
Incarnation should be from a royal family.
In India it is that is the concept.
But for Christ we can say that He took
birth in a very humble simple way
because He was Shri Ganesha.
And Shri Ganesha was born in the
same manner as Christ was born.
So His style was very different,
because He was Shri Ganesha.
He was holiness. He was auspiciousness.
But He was chaitanya.
And chaitanya can be born anywhere.
But an incarnation, who is
otherwise in the Madhya marg,
in the central path, has to be
on the Mahalakshmi line, has to be.
But, He is not in the Madhya marg.
He is Shri Ganesha born at Agnya chakra.
So He need not have been. But He lived
like a king. He is king of kings.
So that sort of a thing He was, above every
other king, He was the king of kings.
So that’s how we have the people who have
been doing something for the country,
for their own generation,
talking about it.
In the same way we had very
great saints also, from Confucius
and also we have seen Moses,
Abraham how they tried to remove poverty
and the slavery from people and to bring them
to a free country. They worked very hard.
So a sahaja yogi is not a person
who is just a sort of lives
without any connection with the society,
with the politics, with all that is happening.
He has to be seeing all those things
that are happening.
He must read newspaper if not
in the morning, in the evening time.
Means, he must know what is happening.
He must put his attention to all these things.
Only putting attention to things, it works out.
I have done that all the time.
Even Hitler lost his success
because of that attention.
So one has to know that you have
that attention that can work,
that can really create what you want.
But you must keep your attention alert,
not only limited to yourself.
Not only up to say, India tour
or we can say up to bhajans.
But must go beyond and put your
attention everywhere, what’s happening.
Supposing you go to any other country:
try to find out what is happening
in this country, in that
country what is happening.
Because now you are international
people and you have to bother about
everything that’s happening in this world
because we have to change everything, we have
to transform everything. It’s a hazardous task.
But I have done the biggest job
is to create the roots for you
that you have been, you have
become now the sprouted people,
or we can say the elevated people,
the special selected people.
And now you cannot live like
other ordinary stupid people.
You have to be alert.
You have to understand your responsibility.
And every Sahaja Yogi in this tour
has to take a vow that
“I have to be responsible for Sahaja Yoga.”
Something is also with marriages. I have seen
that people, once they get married, they get lost.
Something so stupid it is – very, very stupid.
You are specially selected people
and you have to work for Sahaja Yoga
and you have to work
for what you have got it.
And those who do not take
the responsibility of Sahaja Yoga
are really lacking in self-respect
and understanding of Sahaja Yoga.
You all have to work
whole-heartedly for Sahaja Yoga.
And be happy about it that you have
a chance that you are fortunate enough,
that you have a chance to do so much
that you have powers to do it.
If the, as Christ has said,
“You do not light a lamp under the table.”
In the same way,
I didn’t light you under a table.
You all should mature grow up and see
for yourself what you can do for any place,
what improvements you can make,
how far you can go. Take responsibility.
Yesterday, you will be surprised,
a man came up to ask Me a question,
“What should we do to spread Sahaja Yoga?
Please give us ways and methods
by which we can approach Sahaja Yoga.”
It’s very surprising. Of course, I am going
to give them a big agenda for that, no doubt.
I have so many ideas in My head.
But you have to also think about
what you can do in your own country,
how to develop Sahaja Yoga in people
and how to put your attention
to different problems that are in
and to solve the problems.
Because, as I am a desireless person,
it doesn’t work.
You have to desire
for something that you want.
And genuinely desire for the genuine good
of the people, for the hitha of the people
and not for your personal thing.
So you have to get out of your personal ideas,
your personal views and your personal chakras.
“This is wrong with my chakra.
That is wrong with another chakra.”
Doesn’t matter. Once you make this body run
for Sahaja Yoga, everything gets all right.
What’s the use of curing or helping somebody
chakras, when he is no good for Sahaja Yoga.
Divine doesn’t help such useless people.
Divine has common sense.
So this is what is very important for all of us,
to take the responsibility of Sahaja Yoga
in your own country
and to pay attention to all countries
wherever there is a problem.
I mean, I am doing this very much and you
can see that those people who boast so much
and who are so dishonest and who are trying
to be very dominating suddenly go down.
Like Idi Amin and you have got
this Marcos and so many people.
But you also should pay attention.
I read about eight newspapers everyday.
And I see to it that I pay attention
to all the proper places where it is needed.
I wish I could be just like without
any problems before Me.
But My incarnation is so many-folded
that I have not only to give realization
but also to give you responsibility
that you have to do the job of transforming
this world into a new world.
And they ask Me a question,
“Mother, do You think this will work out
that the golden age is coming?”
I said, “I am sure. In My lifetime
it has to work out.”
But I cannot do it single-handed. I cannot
do with single-handed. It will fizzle out.
You all have to help Me. You have
to work it out, that. Then only I can do it.
So to think that Mother is going
to do everything is wrong.
I am going to work through you.
If I could have done it I would not have
asked you to get your realization.
So you are the channels and you have
to work out the whole system yourself.
First of all, one has to know
that it is our responsibility.
As soon as you do that, all your badhas,
all your problems will go away.
So, take out your attention from yourself
and don’t put it on other Sahaja Yogis,
but put it on the wider.
Say, “What we can do?”
Secondly, also I have seen many people
who are kind to non-sahaja yogis
and unkind to sahaja yogis.
It is something surprising.
These are your brothers and sisters
and others have no relationship with you.
This must be understood.
Regarding certain problems like some
funny people enter into Sahaja Yoga,
prosper, become leaders and thrown out
because they cannot give up their funny ideas.
They are very limited
and very small-minded attention.
They cannot get out of it.
So don’t worry about such people.
Thank God they have gone out
because they had kept you in a little pot and
you would have been melting in that pot.
So this is, best is not to worry about such people.
Thank God they are out,
so that one more
stupid bondage has gone.
So don’t think about those people
who have gone wrong.
But you should only take it
as a kind of a warning
that you should not
become one of them.